Add note about Pages Router (#10315)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/webapp/nextjs/01-login.md

- `/api/auth/callback`: The route Auth0 will redirect the user to after a successful login.
- `/api/auth/me`: The route to fetch the user profile from.

::: note

> This QuickStart targets the Next.js [App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app). If you're using the [Pages Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages), checkout the example in the SDK's [README](https://github.com/auth0/nextjs-auth0#page-router).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This QuickStart targets the Next.js [App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app). If you're using the [Pages Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages), check out the example in the SDK's [README](https://github.com/auth0/nextjs-auth0#page-router).
```
